# SecPilot - Frequently Asked Questions

## Email Security Basics

### What is email security software and how does SecPilot protect against phishing attacks?

Email security software like SecPilot uses advanced AI and machine learning algorithms to detect and
prevent phishing attacks, malware, ransomware, and business email compromise (BEC) attempts.
SecPilot analyzes email content, sender reputation, links, and attachments in real-time without
storing your data, providing enterprise-grade protection for individuals, small businesses, and
remote teams.

### How quickly can email security software detect and stop cyber attacks?

SecPilot provides real-time email security with threat detection and response times under 200
milliseconds. Malicious emails are quarantined instantly before reaching your inbox. Our AI
processes over 1 million threat indicators per second, analyzing URLs, attachments, sender behavior,
and content patterns to stop attacks including ransomware, credential theft, and financial fraud
attempts.

## Pricing & Business Value

### How much does email security cost for small businesses in 2024?

SecPilot's email security pricing starts at $19/month for individual users, $49/month for small
business teams (up to 10 users), and $99/month for growing companies (up to 50 users). This includes
real-time threat detection, phishing protection, malware scanning, detailed security reports, and
24/7 support. Most small businesses save $50,000+ annually by preventing just one successful email
attack.

### Can I try enterprise email security software free before purchasing?

Yes, SecPilot offers a 14-day free trial with full access to all email security features including
real-time threat detection, detailed reporting, and customer support. No credit card required to
start your trial. You can protect up to 5 email accounts during the trial period and see exactly how
many threats we block for your organization before making a purchasing decision.

## Compatibility & Integration

### Does SecPilot email security work with Gmail, Outlook, and Office 365?

Yes, SecPilot integrates seamlessly with all major email providers including Gmail (Google
Workspace), Microsoft Outlook, Office 365, Exchange Server, Yahoo Mail, and IMAP/POP3 email clients.
Setup takes 5 minutes through secure API integration without changing your email workflow. Works on
desktop, mobile, and web applications across Windows, Mac, iOS, and Android devices.

### What's the difference between SecPilot and Microsoft Defender or Gmail security?

While Microsoft Defender and Gmail provide basic email filtering, SecPilot offers advanced
AI-powered threat detection with 99.9% accuracy rates, zero-storage privacy protection, and
specialized small business features. SecPilot detects sophisticated attacks that bypass default
email security, including targeted spear phishing, CEO fraud, and zero-day threats that traditional
email providers often miss.

## Privacy & Security

### Is cloud-based email security safe for sensitive business data and HIPAA compliance?

SecPilot uses zero-storage architecture, meaning your email content never leaves your servers. We
only analyze emails in real-time transit without storing any sensitive data. Our infrastructure is
SOC2 Type II certified, uses end-to-end encryption, and meets HIPAA, GDPR, and PCI DSS compliance
requirements. Perfect for healthcare, legal, financial, and other regulated industries requiring
strict data protection.

### How secure is SecPilot's email security infrastructure against data breaches?

SecPilot operates with enterprise-grade security including AES-256 encryption, zero-trust network
architecture, regular third-party security audits, and SOC2 Type II compliance. Our infrastructure
is hosted on AWS and Google Cloud with 99.99% uptime SLA, DDoS protection, and geographically
distributed data centers. We've maintained a perfect security record with zero data breaches since
our founding, protecting over 100,000 email accounts globally.

## Advanced Features & Support

### What happens if email security software blocks legitimate business emails?

SecPilot maintains a 99.9% accuracy rate with minimal false positives. If a legitimate email is
mistakenly quarantined, you can instantly release it, whitelist the sender, and add trusted domains
to your allow list. All quarantined emails are safely stored for 30 days with detailed explanations
of why they were flagged, ensuring no important business communications are permanently lost.

### What kind of customer support comes with business email security solutions?

SecPilot provides 24/7 email and chat support for all plans, with phone support for team and
enterprise customers. Our security experts help with threat analysis, false positive resolution,
integration support, and security best practices. We also offer comprehensive onboarding, video
tutorials, knowledge base access, and dedicated customer success managers for larger accounts.

## Advanced Threat Protection

### What types of email threats can AI-powered security detect that traditional filters miss?

SecPilot's AI detects advanced persistent threats (APTs), business email compromise (BEC), CEO
fraud, vendor impersonation, cryptocurrency scams, romance scams, tax fraud emails, fake invoice
attacks, credential harvesting, and zero-day malware that signature-based filters can't catch. Our
machine learning models analyze behavioral patterns, linguistic anomalies, and threat intelligence
from 50+ countries to stop sophisticated social engineering attacks.

### How does email security help prevent ransomware attacks on small businesses?

Email is the #1 attack vector for ransomware, with 94% of ransomware delivered via email attachments
or malicious links. SecPilot prevents ransomware by scanning all attachments with multiple
anti-malware engines, analyzing URLs in real-time, detecting suspicious sender behavior, and
quarantining emails with ransomware indicators. We've prevented over $50 million in potential
ransomware damages for our customers since 2020.

## Getting Expert Help

### Need Expert Email Security Advice?

Our cybersecurity experts are here to help you choose the right email protection for your business
size and industry requirements. We offer:

-   **Security Consultation**: Free consultation with cybersecurity experts
-   **Custom Demo**: Personalized demonstration of SecPilot features
-   **Implementation Support**: Guided setup and integration assistance
-   **Ongoing Support**: 24/7 technical and security support

Contact us for a security consultation or request a demo to see how SecPilot can protect your
organization from email-based cyber threats.
